docs: Update upgrade guide to 4.0 (#603)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/11-upgrading/01-upgrade-to-three-five.md

## Update the Serverpod CLI

Install the 4.0 CLI:

```bash

> $ dart install serverpod_cli 4.0.0

Reviewer: Suggestion: `4.0.0` isn't published yet. The current version is `4.0.0-beta.0` (latest stable is `3.4.11`), so this install would fail. It also matches the pin already used in the installation and quickstart pages.

```suggestion
$ dart install serverpod_cli 4.0.0-beta.0
```

## Update your project dependencies

In each package's `pubspec.yaml` (`<project>_server`, `<project>_client`, `<project>_flutter`), bump the Serverpod packages to 4.0. Serverpod prefers an exact version pin over a caret range to keep the CLI and the packages in sync:

```yaml
dependencies:
  serverpod: 4.0.0
  serverpod_client: 4.0.0      # in the client and Flutter packages

>   serverpod_flutter: 4.0.0     # in the Flutter package

Reviewer: Suggestion: same here. Pin the current beta so these match the CLI above and the install/quickstart pages.

```suggestion
  serverpod: 4.0.0-beta.0
  serverpod_client: 4.0.0-beta.0      # in the client and Flutter packages
  serverpod_flutter: 4.0.0-beta.0     # in the Flutter package
```

The first run compiles the native build hooks (this can take about 30 seconds) and applies the migration you generated above. The server then starts and watches your project; saving a file hot-reloads the code.

> Beyond the server, `serverpod start` also launches the project's Flutter app. By default it uses Flutter's `web-server` device and opens your browser. Pass `--flutter-device <name>` to target a specific device. For IDE debugging, projects scaffolded with 4.0 include a `launch.json` that runs `serverpod start` with the debugger attached; you can copy that file into your existing project from a fresh 4.0 scaffold if you want the same setup.

Reviewer: Suggestion: `--flutter-device` isn't a real CLI flag (`start.dart` on `main` defines only `--[no-]flutter`), so this points users at a flag that doesn't exist. Same phantom flag being removed in #673. Dropping the sentence:

```suggestion
Beyond the server, `serverpod start` also launches the project's Flutter apps configured with `auto_launch: true`. For IDE debugging, projects scaffolded with 4.0 include a `launch.json` that runs `serverpod start` with the debugger attached; you can copy that file into your existing project from a fresh 4.0 scaffold if you want the same setup.
```

Author: Done
